The software design is as follows:
    1. Sellers are generated as described in the project description
    2. The time that customers arrive is generated when the sellers are made
    3. Sellers have a queue that customers enter when they arrive
    4. Sellers have access to all the tickets, but a ticket will not allow
    itself to be sold multiple times
    5. The seller trys to sell their next ticket. If it fails, the seller
    attempts to sell the next ticket after that. The process continues until
    the seller has sold a ticket, or has attempted to sell all of the tickets.
    6. When a ticket is sold, it logs who it was sold to and when it was
    sold and does not allow itself to be sold again.
    7. A barrier is used to ensure that one seller does not progress to the
    next minute before the rest of the sellers. This ensures fairness to
    customers.
    8. Logging of information is in a critical section to prevent the sale of
    one ticket from being intertwined with the sale of another in the messages
    that are printed.
    9. When there are no more available tickets, or there is no more time to
    sell the seller will turn away customers. 

To run realistically, I modified the amount of time the last seller of a
specific minute sleeps before continuing. This was required as the seller
needed to yield so that the other sellers could be notified so that they could
run for the minute. Without sleeping, the last seller could run multiple
minutes and notify multiple times before other sellers got a turn to run.

The data that was shared between sellers were the tickets. The critical
regions were as follows:
    1. Ticket::sellTicket(3), which is when a ticket is actually sold.
    2. Log::printTickets(1), Log::logEntry(2), Log::logExit(2), and
    Log::logSale(3) are the critical sections for printing information to
    stdout.
    3. Barrier::lockOrNotify() is the critical section that ensures sellers
    move to the next minute together.

Thread synchronization was achieved through the use of a barrier. 
